This project was my first attempt to build a webpage in practice after going through the basic tutorials on codeacademy and odin on basic html/css.

It was quite challenging both from a lack of knowledge retention from the quick introduction of many tags and command arguments and also from a few inconsistencies with example code I found online and how it actually functioned in my own page. Namely making flat geometric shapes with empty div commands as in the android mascot exercise never worked properly for me. In this exercise in order to have the grey bar element at the bottom of the homepage show I needed to put an empty paragraph element into the div. In several examples I found online nobody else has to do this. One situation a teacher would be handy to ask why it didn't work.

I also took shortcuts for positioning elements that will fall apart if the page is viewed in a different sized or shaped window. I basically just kept tweaking absolute numbers until it looked about right. I had a lot of issues with % positioning commands and the inline lists for the menus not going where I wanted and mysteriously fixing themselves when I changed an unrelated line of code. I am going to leave this project for now as a learning experience even though I could keep trying to make it better I believe I can learn more by continuing the lessons and hopefully learning more about how to set these things up properly. As it was I googled several of the commands used to make this page that were not covered in the tutorials so far (such as the span tag).

I believe this exercise was useful though. Codeacademy walkthroughs are not that good for retaining information without the practice of actually trying to build a page with the tools.
